c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.exe.config
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.exe
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.pdb
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.g.resources
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.exe
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.pdb
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.pdb
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Template\Wrapper.baml
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\abouzarkamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Template\Wrapper.g.cs
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.exe.manifest
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.application
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.exe.manifest
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.application
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.xml
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Resources\publicKey.der
C:\Users\AbouzarKamaee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.exe.config
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.exe
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.pdb
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Resources\publicKey.der
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.exe
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.pdb
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.pdb
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.xml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Template\Wrapper.baml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Template\Wrapper.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.g.resources
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\zxing.dll
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.dll
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\zxing.pdb
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\zxing.xml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.pdb
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.xml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\GeneratePrivateKey.baml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\Sign.baml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\Verify.baml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\GeneratePrivateKey.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\Sign.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\Verify.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\VerifyDocument.baml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\VerifyDocument.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Verifier.application
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\Verifier.application
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Template\Main.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Template\Main.baml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\bin\Debug\Resources\chk.txt
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\Login.baml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\Register.g.cs
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UI\Pages\Register.baml
C:\Users\Abouzar\Source\Repos\verifier\Verifier\obj\Debug\UserControl\uPublicKey.g.cs
